Migrate SQL docs (#521)
redpanda-data/cloud-docs: modules/reference/pages/sql/sql-functions/timestamp-functions/timestamp-trunc.adoc

= TIMESTAMP_TRUNC
:description: The TIMESTAMP_TRUNC() function rounds a timestamp to a specific day_time granularity, resulting in a truncated timestamp.
:page-topic-type: reference

The `TIMESTAMP_TRUNC()` function rounds a timestamp to a specific `day_time` granularity, resulting in a truncated timestamp.

== Syntax

[source,sql]
----
SELECT TIMESTAMP_TRUNC(TIMESTAMP 'YYYY-MM-DD hour:min:sec', day_time);
----

`day_time` can be replaced with various time values as follows:

* `SECOND`
* `MINUTE`
* `HOUR`
* `DAY`
* `MONTH`
* `YEAR`

== Examples

=== `TIMESTAMP_TRUNC()` - hour

The following example shows how to round the hour to the closest value:

[source,sql]
----
SELECT TIMESTAMP_TRUNC(TIMESTAMP '2017-09-18 14:43:39.02322', HOUR) ;
----

> The final result will display the current date and time in your timezone:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final result will display the current date and time in the timezone in which the query was issued:
```
